Enhance - `azurerm_redis_cache` - Recreate Redis cache when downgrade the SKU (#17767)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/redis_cache.html.markdown

* `sku_name` - (Required) The SKU of Redis to use. Possible values are `Basic`, `Standard` and `Premium`.

> ~> **Note** Downgrade the SKU forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note** Downgrading the SKU will force a new resource to be created.
```
